DOCS-1100 : First pass update to EDB Postgres AI Lakehouse docs (#6199)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/analytics/quick_start.mdx

block storage device and will survive a restart or backup/restore cycle.
* Only Postgres 16 is supported.

For more notes about supported instance sizes,see [Reference - Supported AWS instances](./reference/instances).

## Operating a Lakehouse node

### Connect to the node

You can connect to the Lakehouse node with any Postgres client, in the same way that you connect to any other cluster from EDB Postgres AI Cloud Service (formerly known as BigAnimal): navigate to the cluster detail page and copy its connection string.

For example, you might copy the `.pgpass` blob into `~/.pgpass` (making sure to replace `$YOUR_PASSWORD` with the password you provided when launching the cluster).
Then you can copy the connection string and use it as an argument to `psql` or `pgcli`.

In general, you should be able to connect to the database with any Postgres client.
We expect all introspection queries to work, and if you find one that doesn't, then that's a bug.

### Understand the constraints

* Every cluster uses EPAS or PGE. So expect to see boilerplate tables from those flavors in the installation when you connect.

> * Queryable data (like the benchmarking datasets) is stored in object storage as Delta Tables. Every cluster comes pre-loaded to point to a storage bucket with benchmarking data inside (TPC-H, TPC-DS, Clickbench) at scale factors 1 and 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Queryable data (like the benchmarking datasets) is stored in object storage as Delta Tables. Every cluster comes pre-loaded to point to a storage bucket with benchmarking data inside (TPC-H, TPC-DS, Clickbench) at scale factors from 1 to 1000.
```
